Yu Wenhao's tiger is not powerful
Do you think I'm a sick cat?
I went to the royal palace
The justifiable Princess Chu
It's not that you say it's not.
I only know how to pretend to be a king in the house
You have the ability to say the same in front of the emperor and the queen mother
Why are you speechless?
If you don't say anything, I'll take it as agreeing.
Save lives
I don't want to talk nonsense with you.
Princess Chu
The young master was pushed to the ground by your own hands
My eyes accidentally hit the corner of the table
To cause the wound to fester
Are you dying?
You say you don't even have children of your own
I don't want to help others raise children
Now he is going to treat the young master like a fake
You still think our young master
Isn't it bad enough for you?
Qi Moumou, I really want to save people
Just let me in
I think you think our young master died too slowly.
Still want to hurt him
Don't you think
The princess wouldn't even let go of a dying child
Too vicious
If this gets out
Wouldn't it ruin the reputation of the prince?
I'm not going to argue with you
Your Highness, let me come in and treat Hogg
If something really happened
To kill to light
At your disposal
at your disposal
Your life
Is it also worthy to compare with Brother Huo's life? I
I'm not.
Look at the plane
Oh, people's hearts are secret
Open the door you poisonous woman
Master Huo was brought up by me since he was a child. If he is gone
I will fight with you
Lin Xinxin, get out of here
Take it easy
The child is still alive
Everyone is only half breathing
How to save
Do you really think you are most immortals?
Your Highness, what can we do?
Call the auxiliary guard
Break the door down
5 Fools
Speak wildly
See how you end